 

    1.    The end effector assembly of claim 1, wherein said actuator comprises a
    slot (5012), and wherein said slot comprises a release stop (5014).

    2.    The end effector assembly of claim 2 wherein said release stop
    comprises at least one of stainless steel, titanium, aluminum, liquid crystal
  5 polymer, nylon, and ultem.

    3. The end effector assembly of claim 2 or claim 3, further comprising a
    firing element (5030) configured to move along said slot and configured to push
    through said release stop, wherein said firing element is configured to shift said

    actuator when said firing element pushes against said release stop.

 10 5.    The end effector assembly of claim 4, wherein said slot comprises a first
    width, wherein said release stop comprises a second width that is narrower than
    said first width, and wherein said firing element is configured to widen said
    second width to pass through said release stop.

    6. The end effector assembly of any preceding claim, further comprising a
 15 jaw comprising the anvil, and a hard stop arranged on the jaw, wherein said hard
    stop blocks distal movement of said actuator past said hard stop.

    7. The end effector assembly of any preceding claim, wherein the actuator
    shifts distally to overcome the connector.

    8. The end effector assembly of any preceding claim, wherein the actuator
 20 shifts approximately 0.5mm to approximately 5.0 mm before overcoming the

    connector.

9. The end effector assembly of claim 8, wherein the actuator shifts

approximately 1.0mm before overcoming the connector.

10. The end effector assembly of claim 9 further comprising a proximal
connector arranged on the anvil, and a proximal cutting edge arranged on the

actuator, wherein the proximal cutting edge cuts the proximal connector.

11. | The end effector assembly of claim 10, further comprising an intermediate
connector arranged on the anvil, and an intermediate cutting edge arranged on
the actuator, wherein the intermediate cutting edge cuts the intermediate

connector.
